my intention is that the project is the first game of the travel award in the
Broadcast is No because that knows that's what it's like to be on one
Road, for example, is the fourth son
continue to bring in the holy halls
what the youth on the street
the significance of what music this year is counterproductive and minute art
finally motivating the turnaround
against others to put individual mistakes too much
we try in this project with the smallest Epson the actual motives
exactly in the visual
to translate
Bach has relatively early modern interpretation of new birds
quite simply the principle of the bird
demonstrated
with the bird the market
and especially this silver before he tried them also he has them little
they put their archives
Sbisa 3 voices are three dancers all of our students learning this topic
over with hand movements
this 3 0 percent
the bottom of the list
then each student is after and so creates a three-part
visualization
the find of Bach
an academic i gives is very clear
which is a pleasure
at normal births and breakbeats they have to have them anyway the stores
the whole she just had to insert it added that the whole at
It's different in Bach's works, it's the game now
not only the music the dancing and singing and building yard on the
Single games
Normally you should only briefly grab what gives three minutes
within
ten to fifteen minutes
Vancouver still out the window sometimes failing them at times
30 days also needs to understand the music
it did not suffice to understand
We also teach locally to implement percent